Claudine is an addition (maybe one day I'll be able to call it a plugin) to Claude, with the intention of using it with Claude Code.
Claudine consists of many pieces, that are supposed to enhance Claude's abilities regardless of the model you're using to do your work. A great part of those pieces are inspired by other creators on GitHub and re-done to match Claudine's style and harnessing mechanisms. You'll find the creator or inspiration sources of each item that was used, in a comment next to the part reused or redone from.
I have started working on Claudine while on a journey of learning how to use AI. I was the guy who when ChatGPT first boomed was looking down at people using it with pity, but as time went by and I used more tools, from GPT, through Gemini, Perplexity, Grok, Nano Bananas, Eleven Labs and ending with my beloved Claude, I am contiuously being amazed with the possibilities this techology gives to humanity. I do not believe AI will anytime soon replace humans. I do not believe in AI without human proofchecking and supervision. I do believe people can more than double the amount of work and research performed in a set timeframe using current-day LLMs.
I am a Project Manager with extensive experience in Software House environments. 
Very important: I am not a Software Engineer, although I do work with Software Engineering. Most of the development-related skills and additions in this repository are consulted with Engineers and/or battle-tested, however please do take caution with the code, that Claude writes, even when using Claudine. It may (and should) enhance Claude's abilities, but it may just as well encourage it to break stuff. This is a continuous work in progress, as is the case with most things AI-related. Results of your work conducted with AI should be checked by a human. I know you don't wanna, I don't either.
Claudine is meant to be used with Anthropic's Claude Code. I am biased, it is the only AI I'm using on a day-to-day basis. Feel free to fork Claudine and adjust it to work with your tool of choice, but I do not take any responsibility for how it works outside of the Claude environment. For how it works in it, I also don't take reponsiblity, but I sure hope it works okay, so I can use it myself.
Claudine is not directly connected to any one project. I am commiting to this repository as I work on projects using a fork of Claudine with changes and discoveries as I go through those projects. Claudine is not a stand-alone system and does not solve any problems by itself. My understanding and goal of developing Claudine is to have a system that you (and I) can fork, run a single /claudine-adjust in the right project and have the entire flow reworked to match exactly what you're working on. I work with AI as an input-output system, believing that if you supply it garbage, it will throw out garbage (I've taken this quote from [Aleksander Patschek](https://patschek.dev/) in one of his TSH's materials). Because of this, I don't think there is any one system/agent/prompt to solve the world's problems, but that you have to adjust your entire system to the exact project you're working with the system on. This will be further described. 
Shoutout to every creator, that commited and shared their work either to be a part or to inspire the functionalities of Claudine.
Claudine is being developed iteratively.
I consider Claudine public good, it can be used to move faster in terms of the ever-changing reality of our AI usage in day-to-day responsibilities. As such, feel free to explore and create your versions of Claudine and commit or create an issue for changes you'd like to make to my OG version of Claudine. I am actively monitoring and expanding the possibilities of this system, I'd be honored to have your involvement in this endeavour.
Feel free and encouraged, to check the projects that were developed with Claudine, and because of which, Claudine has been created and is being continuously improved.
